SP-7918 Add local config support for puppet (#7)
solarwinds/uamsclient-puppet: README.md

 - `uams_metadata`: This is the metadata used for identifying the role and purpose of the host. To enable basic host monitoring, the uams_metadata variable should contain 'role:host-monitoring'.
 - `uams_override_hostname`: Optional variable to set a custom Agent name. By default, Agent name is set to the hostname.

### Managed locally Agents

> Variable `uams_managed_locally` is used to set Agent as managed locally by configuration file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variable `uams_managed_locally` is used to configure the Agent to be managed locally through the configuration file 
```

> Is designed to allow configuration of the UAMS Agent locally, without necessity of adding integrations manually from SWO page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is designed to allow configuration of the UAMS Agent locally, without necessity of adding integrations manually from SWO page.
```
